978047148482;Calculus Single Variable/4th Edition;HUGHES-HALLETT;4TH 05;2005;188.75;141.60;CALCULUS 4/e brings together the best of both new and traditional curricula to meet the needs of even more instructors teaching calculus. The author team's extensive experience teaching from both traditional and innovative books and their expertise in developing innovative problems put them in an unique position to make this new curriculum meaningful to students going into mathematics and those going into the sciences and engineering. This edition will work well for those departments who are looking for a calculus book that offers a middle ground for their calculus instructors.

CALCULUS 4/e exhibits the same strengths from earlier editions including the Rule of Four, an emphasis on modeling, exposition that students can read and understand and a flexible approach to technology. The conceptual and modeling problems, praised for their creativity and variety, continue to motivate and challenge students.;Single Variable Calculus 1
9781305714892;Physics for Scientists and Engineers with Modern Physics, Technology Update / 9th Edition;Raymond A. Serway, John W. Jewett;9TH 16;2016;161.25;120.95;Achieve success in your physics course by making the most of what PHYSICS FOR SCIENTISTS AND ENGINEERS Ninth Edition Technology Edition has to offer. From a host of in-text features to a range of outstanding technology resources, you'll have everything you need to understand the natural forces and principles of physics. Throughout every chapter, the authors have built in a wide range of examples, exercises, and illustrations that will help you to understand the laws of physics AND succeed in your course!;Physics 1
9780133769395;Starting Out with C++ from Control Structures to Objects / 8th Edition;Tony Gaddis;8TH 15;2015;164.10;123.10;This text is intended for either a one-semester accelerated introductory course or a traditional two-semester sequence covering C++ programming. It is also suitable for readers interested in a comprehensive introduction to C++ programming.

Tony Gaddis's accessible, step-by-step presentation helps beginning students understand the important details necessary to become skilled programmers at an introductory level. Gaddis motivates the study of both programming skills and the C++ programming language by presenting all the details needed to understand the "how" and the "why"--but never losing sight of the fact that most beginners struggle with this material. His approach is both gradual and highly accessible, ensuring that students understand the logic behind developing high-quality programs.

In Starting Out with C++: From Control Structures through Objects, Gaddis covers control structures, functions, arrays, and pointers before objects and classes. As with all Gaddis texts, clear and easy-to-read code listings, concise and practical real-world examples, and an abundance of exercises appear in every chapter.

MyProgrammingLab for Starting Out with C++ is a total learning package. MyProgrammingLab is an online homework, tutorial, and assessment program that truly engages students in learning. It helps students better prepare for class, quizzes, and exams-resulting in better performance in the course-and provides educators a dynamic set of tools for gauging individual and class progress.;Programming Fundamentals
